---
widget: blank
headless: true

# ... Put Your Section Options Here (title etc.) ...
title: 
subtitle: 
weight: 2  # section position on page
design:
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns: '1'
---
# 2023 Fall
## Talks

---

**November 10: Xinze Li (University of Toronto)**<br>
<span style="color:red">*Positive Mass Theorem*</span><br>
We discuss the proof of positive mass theorem which says the ADM mass is nonnegative in asymptotical flat 3 manifolds with positive scalar curvature.

---

**November 3: Jingze Zhu (Massachusetts Institute of Technology)**<br>
<span style="color:red">*Bernstein Theorem of Stable Minimal Hypersurfaces in R^4*</span><br>
This talk discusses the work of Chodosh-Li proof that embedded two sided complete smooth stable minimal hypersurfaces in R^4 must be hyperplanes.

---

**October 27: Ali Feizmohammadi (University of Toronto)**<br>
<span style="color:red">*Inverse problems for wave equations*</span><br>
We will give an introductory overview of inverse problems for linear and nonlinear wave equations. I will describe results in both stationary and non-stationary spacetimes. An example of inverse problems in stationary spacetimes is the imaging
of internal structure of the earth from surface measurements of seismic waves arising from earthquakes or artificial explosions. Here, the materialistic properties of the internal layers of the earth are generally assumed to be independent of
time. On the other hand, inverse problems for non-stationary spacetimes are inspired by the theory of general relativity as well as gravitational waves where waves follow paths that curve not only in space but also in time.

---

**October 16: Almut Burchard (University of Toronto)**<br>
<span style="color:red">*On pointwise monotonicity of heat kernels*</span><br>
The fact that the heat kernel K_t(x,y) on the standard sphere decreases with the distance between the points x and y has important consequences in Probability and Functional Analysis. Does the heat kernel on a general Riemannian manifold have similar monotonicity properties?

During his time as a postdoc in Toronto, Angel Martinez and I worked on metrics for which the heat kernel decreases monotonically as y moves along a minimal geodesic emanating from x. It turns out that such metrics are extremely rare - but we also found a surprising example!

---


