---
widget: blank
headless: true

# ... Put Your Section Options Here (title etc.) ...
title: 
subtitle: 
weight: 2  # section position on page
design:
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns: '1'
---
# 2024 Winter
## Talks

---

**April 5: Xingzhe Li (Cornell University)**<br>
<span style="color:red">*Generic scarring for minimal hypersurfaces in manifolds thick at infinity with a thin foliation at infinity*</span><br>
In this talk, we present a generic scarring phenomenon for minimal hypersurfaces in a class of complete non-compact manifolds. In particular, for generic metrics on manifolds thick at infinity with a thin foliation at infinity, to each closed
stable minimal hypersurface, there exists a sequence of closed minimal hypersurfaces, with area diverging to infinity, that accumulate along the stable hypersurface.

---

**February 2: Amirmasoud Geevechi (University of Toronto)**<br>
<span style="color:red">*Slow motion of vortex filaments in the Abelian Higgs model*</span><br>
Abelian Higgs model is a system of partial differential equations for describing the interaction of the Higgs field and the electromagnetic field, extracted from the Standard model. The equations enjoy from some local symmetry or also called gauge symmetry. The solutions to the time-independent and 2D version of the equations have been constructed by Jaffe and Taubes in 1980. These are called vortex configurations. In this talk, I will mention the main result of my thesis with Prof. Jerrard about how one can glue the 2D solutions and add perturbations to them in order to construct time-dependent solutions in (3 + 1)D. The final result is that one can construct solutions in (3 + 1)D arbitrary close to wave maps to the moduli space of vortex configurations, for long time. We will see that suitable choices for gauge are crucial in various steps of the construction in order to make the equations massive and stable. This is the so-called Higgs mechanism.

---
